[6.5] [Metadata] Getting complex-type metadata (#1408)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/web/guides/multimedia/metadata.md

You can extract metadata information from multimedia files. Metadata is the information about multimedia files.

> The main feature of the Metadata API include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main features of the Metadata API include:
```

- Extracting simple metadata informations

  You can [extract metadata](#extract-metadata) from multimedia files using the `get()` method.

- Extracting artwork of a multimedia file

>   You can [extract artwork](#extract-artwork) from multimedia files using the `getArtwork()` method to get *Blob* object containing the artwork.

Reviewer 2: In tizen-docs repository, we don't recommend italic font. How about changing it to bold?

>   You can [extract artwork](#extract-artwork) from multimedia files using the `getArtwork()` method to get *Blob* object containing the artwork.

Reviewer 3: Thanks for pointing it out.

   ```javascript
   var artwork = fileHandle.getArtwork();
   ```

3. Blob object can be easily shown in your application in html *&lt;img&gt;* tag

   ```javascript
   var elem = document.getElementById("blobImage");
   elem.src = URL.createObjectURL(artwork);
   ```

4. After use, release the file handle.

## Extract thumbnail frame

1. Create a file handle using `createFileHandle()` for a video file.

   ```javascript
   var filePath = "videos/sample_video.mp4";
   var fileHandle = tizen.metadata.createFileHandle(filePath);
   ```

2. When the file handle is created, thumbnail frame can be extracted:

   ```javascript
   var thumbnail = fileHandle.getThumbnailFrame();
   ```

3. Blob object can be easily shown in your application in html *&lt;img&gt;* tag

   ```javascript
   var elem = document.getElementById("blobImage");
   elem.src = URL.createObjectURL(thumbnail);
   ```

4. After use, release the file handle.

## Extract certain frame

1. Create a file handle using `createFileHandle()` for a video file.

   ```javascript
   var filePath = "videos/sample_video.mp4";
   var fileHandle = tizen.metadata.createFileHandle(filePath);
   ```

> 2. When the file handle is created, thumbnail frame can be extracted. You need to provide timestamp information (in milliseconds) and a flag indicating accuracy. When the flag value is set to 'true', flag indicates extracting an exact frame for the given time. When the value is 'false', flag indicates extracting an <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_compression_picture_types">I-frame</a> nearest to the given time. Gathering nearest I-frame has better performance.

Reviewer 3: 'true' 
'false'
Was the intention to use code tags? if yes please change to:

`true`  
`false`

Author: done

   ```javascript
   var timestamp = 2000;
   var returnExactFrame = true;
   var frame = fileHandle.getFrameAtTime(timestamp, returnExactFrame);
   ```

3. Blob object can be easily shown in your application in html *&lt;img&gt;* tag

   ```javascript
   var elem = document.getElementById("blobImage");
   elem.src = URL.createObjectURL(frame);
   ```

4. After use, release the file handle.

## Extract lyrics

1. Create a file handle using `createFileHandle()`. Lyrics need to be included in multimedia file as SYLT metadata tag. Supported formats of encoding are at least <a href="http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2279.txt">UTF-8</a> and <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_8859-1">ISO-8859-1</a>. Other formats can be ignored depending on the platform.

   ```javascript
   var filePath = "music/sample.mp3";
   var fileHandle = tizen.metadata.createFileHandle(filePath);
   ```

> 2. When the file handle is created, one need to check how many lyrics are included.

Reviewer 3: In my previous comment, I had removed "one need to" as it is implicit that the developer needs to check this. Secondly, in technical documentation, we use second-person pronouns such you, your, etc., and avoid using third-person pronouns completely. 

Is there any reason you retained it?
If it is was an oversight could you change to:

2. When the file handle is created, check how many lyrics are included.

Author: Yes, I've missed this part. Sometimes it is easy to miss some changes in sentence (especially, if there are many comments). Maybe you should consider using github built-in 'suggestion' mechanism in your comments - it is much easier then to apply a suggestion with just one click without any manual copy-paste.

   fileHandle.release();
   ```

## Extract artwork

1. Create a file handle using the `createFileHandle()` method. Your file needs to have an artwork included.

   ```javascript
   var filePath = "videos/sample.mp3";
   var fileHandle = tizen.metadata.createFileHandle(filePath);
   ```

2. When the file handle is properly created, artwork can be extracted:

   ```javascript
   var artwork = fileHandle.getArtwork();
   ```

> 3. *Blob* object can be easily shown html code in your application.

Reviewer: Can you rephrase this sentence? It doesn't sound clear. (It occurs 3 times in this file)

Author: ```suggestion
3. *Blob* object can be easily shown in your application in html *image* tag.
```
will this be ok?

Reviewer: Yes, but remember that '<' has to be escaped in md - by '\<' or '&lt;'.

   ```javascript
   var elem = document.getElementById("blobImage");
   elem.src = URL.createObjectURL(artwork);
   ```

4. After use, remember to release fileHandle.

## Extract thumbnail frame

1. Create a file handle using the `createFileHandle()` method for a video file.

   ```javascript
   var filePath = "videos/sample_video.mp4";
   var fileHandle = tizen.metadata.createFileHandle(filePath);
   ```

2. When the file handle is properly created, thumbnail frame can be extracted:

   ```javascript
   var thumbnail = fileHandle.getThumbnailFrame();
   ```

3. *Blob* object can be easily shown in your application in html *&lt;img&gt;* tag

   ```javascript
   var elem = document.getElementById("blobImage");
   elem.src = URL.createObjectURL(thumbnail);
   ```

4. After use, remember to release fileHandle.

## Extract certain frame

1. Create a file handle using the `createFileHandle()` method for a video file.

   ```javascript
   var filePath = "videos/sample_video.mp4";
   var fileHandle = tizen.metadata.createFileHandle(filePath);
   ```

> 2. When the file handle is properly created, thumbnail frame can be extracted. You need to provide timestamp information (in milliseconds) and flag indicating to return frame from exact given time (true) or the user can only get the nearest <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_compression_picture_types">I-frame</a> of the video (false). Gathering nearest I-frame has better performance.

Author: This sentence is strictly related to parameters which are passed to getFramteAtTime function - according to this, I think that this is correct place for this information.
I rephrased this sentence the same way as in API reference.

   ```javascript
   var timestamp = 2000;
   var returnExactFrame = true;
   var frame = fileHandle.getFrameAtTime(timestamp, returnExactFrame);
   ```

3. *Blob* object can be easily shown in your application in html *&lt;img&gt;* tag

   ```javascript
   var elem = document.getElementById("blobImage");
   elem.src = URL.createObjectURL(frame);
   ```

> 4. After use, remember to release fileHandle.

Reviewer 3: 4. After use, release fileHandle.

## Extract lyrics

> 1. Create a file handle using the `createFileHandle()` method. Lyrics need to be included in multimedia file as SYLT metadata tag. Supported formats of encoding are at least <a href="http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2279.txt">UTF-8</a> and <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_8859-1">ISO-8859-1</a>. Other formats can be ignored depending on the platform.

Reviewer 3: This part can be added to introductory sentence with a little bit of repharsing:
Lyrics need to be included in multimedia file a...

Author: This is a first point of a scenario, I think that it is in correct place, as it describes conditions regarding validity of a file for this scenario.

   ```javascript
   var filePath = "videos/sample.mp3";
   var fileHandle = tizen.metadata.createFileHandle(filePath);
   ```

2. When the file handle is properly created, one need to check how much lyrics are included.

   ```javascript
   var lyricsNum = fileHandle.get("SYNCLYRICS_NUM");
   ```

> 3. Lyrics then can be gathered and printed:

Reviewer 3: Gather and print the lyrics.

   ```javascript
   for (var i = 0; i < lyricsNum; ++i) {
      var lyrics = fileHandle.getSyncLyrics(i);
      console.log("Lyrics " + i + " (" + lyrics.timestamp  + "ms): " + lyrics.lyrics);
   }
   ```

> 4. After use, remember to release fileHandle.

Reviewer 3: 4. After use, release fileHandle.
